To get this program to work on an individual computer, you download the .jar file that has been added to the zip file containing this .txt document.

Once this file has been downloaded, on IntelliJ, you add the .jar file to the ‘src’ of your project. Once it is added here, go to File -> Project Structure -> Modules and click the + at the bottom of the screen to add this .jar file as a dependency. The path for this file should go through the src to ensure that it is accessible when the program is run.

As of now, our program is not fully compiling and running in the terminal but runs in IntelliJ.

Once the program is launched, you will be taken to a log-in page where you can sign up as a new user or log in if you are an existing user. If you register as a new user, you must log in with your credentials and then you will be shown an options page where you can view your calendar, to-do list, or reminders. You can go back to the main page from any selection as well as save your input so that when you log in to the program again after exiting Java, your old inputs show up and you are able to edit them as you wish. The calendar can be viewed in the current month view or in day view. When in day view (which is achieved by clicking on the day you want to edit), you can add events at specific times. The events that you input for the current day will then show up on the reminders page. The to-do tasks page is completely separate from the entries that are shown on the calendar and the reminders page. In this tab, you can add and check off tasks from your to-do list that need to be completed. There are buttons to click when you are done, as well as clear the entry so you can input new tasks.

Because of the way the Calendar package loads the calendar, everytime a user clicks on a specific time in a day to edit, it allows the user to type but hides the buttons that are used to go back to the Main Page and Month View when in DayView on the calendar. The buttons are still functional when the user clicks on the same spot, however, they are hidden. Because this is an internal function of the package that we used, we were not able to figure out how to fix this.
